Project Overview
================

 This project will help you to gain a better understanding of how API definition files built with Swagger and OAS can deliver API-based systems. At the core of this project is the H+ Sports catalog API definition file that I have created on SwaggerHub. I'll use the API definition file to generate several components in the system. I'll build out a virtual server that can mock API calls, and an angular client SDK for calling that API. Also, I'll create a spring base server stub that provides the beginnings of an API implementation.I'll then integrate the client SDK into a small Angular Application, so that it can retrieve mock product data from the virtual server running on SwaggerHub. The Angular App will use the product data to build out a simple interface containing the H+ Sports product catalog. It's important to mention that I have not even created the API implementation at this point. Thanks to the mocking capabilities of SwaggerHub's virtual server, I can use design-driven development to build API consumers separate from the API implementation. The server stub generated by SwaggerHub will then be augmented to include API logic that provides product data for the key API operations. After I package the API implementation into an executable jar, I'll upload the artifact and host it on a Linux Server running in Azure. If you use another hosting environment, it can take the place of Azure in the project. Finally, I'll replace the SwaggerHub virtual server with an API Gateway named Apigee that proxies traffic to our API implementation on Azure. API Gateway's like Apigee can manage an organization's API catalog in a single platform, solving common API concerns, like throttling or security, throttling, monetization, monitoring and error handling in a sensual location.

Install http-server
 # npm install -g http-server

Start http-server
 # http-server swagger-editor -a 127.0.0.1 -p 8080

Access Swagger editor on local workstation
 # http://localhost:8080/

Access Swagger UI on local workstation

Create the hsports-api.yaml and save it as hsports-api.yaml to the dist folder under swagger-ui

Update the api definition url in the index.html to "hsports-api.yaml"

Copy the dist folder present under swagger-ui to your workspace root folder and rename it to api-docs
 # http-server api-docs -a 127.0.0.1 -p 8081

Open browser and navigate to
 # http://localhost:8081/


Check node js version

# node -v

Install angular

# sudo npm install -g @angular/cli

# ng version


Accessing client application Angular Live Development Server
npm install
ng serve

http://localhost:4200/


Accessing the API

http://localhost:8080/hplussport1/catalog/1.0.0/product
